This asset includes 3 sprite sheets: 

	weather effects 1.png
	weather effects 2.png
	weather effects 3.png

Page 1 contains the cloud shadows, lightning bolts, rain drops, snow drops, and snow cover.

	The cloud shadows are an auto-tile you'll want to paint on with a terrain brush. It will look best if it moves slowly across your map.
	It should be on top of everything except maybe some other weather stuff, like the lightning bolts, the light rain, or light snow.

	The top 5 tiles of both lightning bolts are repeatable and interchangeable, so you can make your bolt as high/long as it needs to be.
	I would just flash one or the other on-screen very breifly while it's raining. Maybe with a full screen white flash for one frame, then a slow fade out.
	You can alternate both bolts rapidly on top of one another to simulate a continuous flow of lightning.

	The rain and snow drops are one-tile 8-frame animations. These are best sprinkled about in places where the drops would visibly impact.
	That means not on tree tops or under any overhangs/bridges. And I wouldn't put snow drops on a snow-covered floor.
	The rain and snow drops should run at different speeds. I like 75ms for rain drops, and 150ms for snow.

	The snow cover is an autotile you can use with a terrain brush to cover the ground on your map.
	It should be under the tree tops, character sprites, and other weather effects.

Page 2 contains the two rainfall animations.

	These are 8-frame animations, and the sprite is 32x128 pixels (2 tiles wide, 8 tiles high).
	There's one row of "light rain" across the top half of the sheet. And then a row of "heavy rain" across the bottom half.
	You can overlap them to make a pouring rain animation, but make sure you put the heavy rain animation on the lower layer.
	The two rain animations should be run at different speeds. I use 50ms for the light rain, and 100ms for the heavy rain.

Page 3 contains the two snowfall animations.

	The snowfall animations are the exact same size and frame count as the rain animations.
	Like the rainfall, you'll find light snow on the top half, heavy snow on the bottom half.
	And again like the rainfall, you can overlap these, but put the heavy one behind the light one.
	And yet again, the light and heavy snow should run at different speeds. I like 175ms for light snow, and 100ms for heavy snow.

In all cases, you should feel free to experiment with the animation timing and find something that works for you.

Hopefully that should answer any questions you have, but you can always hit me up elsewhere if you need some help:

https://seliel-the-shaper.itch.io/
https://www.patreon.com/selieltheshaper
https://twitter.com/SelieltheShaper